[docs] Fix typos and grammar in getting started (#17880)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/pages/blog/material-ui-v1-is-out.md

We want Material-UI to become whatever is generally useful for application development, all in the spirit of the Material Design guidelines. Material-UI is not only an implementation of the Material Design guidelines, but a general use UI library of components that are needed by many. We are even allowing developers to build non Material themes on top of Material-UI components. We will soon open source examples of this.

- **CSS-in-JS**. We have seen [a great potential for **inline-styles** in the past](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/30). It was an opportunity to solve four problems at once: removing the LESS toolchain dependency, allowing dynamic styles, allowing style code splitting and make overrides simpler.

> Unfortunately, the [**execution didn’t deliver**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/4066). We were lacking key features only available in CSS: media queries, pseudo selectors, pseudo elements, browser prefixes. The debug was much harder. Overriding styles was very very challenging. Developers always had to look the implementation, people couldn’t use CSS without relying on !important.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, the [**execution didn’t deliver**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/4066). We were lacking key features only available in CSS: media queries, pseudo selectors, pseudo elements, browser prefixes. Debugging was much harder. Overriding styles was very challenging – developers always had to look the implementation, and couldn’t use CSS without relying on !important.
```
